boards: particle_xenon: Add support Xenon (#11587)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/particle_xenon/doc/particle_xenon.rst

.. _particle_xenon:

particle xenon
##############

Overview
********

> `particl xenon`_ is a evaluation board based on the Nordic Semiconductor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`particle xenon`_ is a evaluation board based on the Nordic Semiconductor
```

nRF52840 SoC. The board was developed by Particle Industries.
The board has a JTAG connector on it to be programmable.

> It is equipped with a onboard LIPO circuit and conforms with the Adafruit Feather formfactor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is equipped with a onboard LIPO circuit and conforms with
the Adafruit Feather form factor.
```

The particle_xenon board configuration supports the following
hardware features:

+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| Interface | Controller | Driver/Component     |
+===========+============+======================+
| NVIC      | on-chip    | nested vectored      |
|           |            | interrupt controller |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| RTC       | on-chip    | system clock         |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| UART      | on-chip    | serial port          |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| I2C       | on-chip    | i2c                  |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| SPI       | on-chip    | spi                  |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| GPIO      | on-chip    | gpio                 |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| FLASH     | on-chip    | flash                |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| RADIO     | on-chip    | Bluetooth            |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+

Other hardware features are not supported by the Zephyr kernel.

Connections and IOs
===================

> Please see the documentation for the board on github / schematic.

Reviewer: Can you provide a link/reference for this documentation?

Adapter LEDs
------------

+-------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
| Name  | Type                  | Usage                          |
+=======+=======================+================================+
| P1,14 | green                 | -                              |
+-------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
| P1,15 | blue                  | -                              |
+-------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
| P1,13 | red                   | -                              |
+-------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+

Programming and Debugging
*************************

Applications for the ``particle_xenon`` board configuration can be
built and flashed in the usual way (see :ref:`build_an_application`
and :ref:`application_run` for more details).

Flashing
========

> Then build and flash the application in the usual way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build and flash an application in the usual way, for example:
```

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/basic/blinky
   :board: particle_xenon
   :goals: build flash

Debugging
=========

You can debug an application in the usual way.  Here is an example for the
:ref:`hello_world` application.

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: particle_xenon
   :maybe-skip-config:
   :goals: debug

Testing the LEDs and buttons
****************************

There are 2 samples that allow you to test that the buttons (switches) and
LEDs on the board are working properly with Zephyr:

* :ref:`blinky-sample`
* :ref:`button-sample`

You can build and flash the examples to make sure Zephyr is running correctly on
your board.

> References

Reviewer: I'd recommend deleting this heading (and underline)

> .. _reel_board:

Reviewer: Hmmm... Looks like you copied the reel board documentation (as a starting place) but then didn't edit it to become the particle xenon board documentation.  Oops. :)

Author: It's todo ;) Just needed a quick board up for a friend. I'll fix tomorrow
